sentences/readme.md, before:

In general, if another object must be involved, that object is called ''the other object.'' A ''group of other objects'' and ''a different object'' also appear.

# Referential definitions
- GRASP and HOLD are defined in terms of TOUCH.
- I've defined ROLL in terms of MOVE ROTATE.
- Both definitions of SPIN are defined in terms of MOVE ROTATE and one definition is also in terms of TOUCH.
- STACK is defined in terms of PUT.
- PUT is defined in terms of GRASP.
- LEAN is defined in terms of PUT, MOVE ROTATE, and TOUCH.
- CLOSE is defined in terms of HOLD, PUT, and ON
- OPEN is defined in terms of GRASP and ON
- TOUCHING is defined in terms of TOUCH
- ON is defined in terms of TOUCH
- BEHIND is defined in terms of NEAR

# Ambiguities
- TOUCH here is transitive while TOUCHING is intransitive.
- The first definition for SPIN is transitive while the second is intransitive.
- The first definition for LEAN is the causative while the second is intransitive.
- For CLOSE I gave only the definition that has the opposite meaning of OPEN, because it seems that CLOSE that has a similar meaning to NEAR could be subsumed under NEAR instead.


# Resources
- Wiktionary
- FrameNet
- VerbNet

# Questions
- For some of the verbs, I am choosing not to consider, for example, bananas grasping things since they generally don't do that. Should I?

Commit message:

python script and pos tagged definitions

sentences/readme.md, after:

In general, if another object must be involved, that object is called ''the other object.'' A ''group of other objects'' and ''a different object'' also appear.

# Process
- I wrote the definitions under the appropriate verb as header in `definitions.txt` for readability.
- POS tagging was done with `pos_tag_definitions.py`

# Referential definitions
- GRASP and HOLD are defined in terms of TOUCH.
- I've defined ROLL in terms of MOVE ROTATE.
- Both definitions of SPIN are defined in terms of MOVE ROTATE and one definition is also in terms of TOUCH.
- STACK is defined in terms of PUT.
- PUT is defined in terms of GRASP.
- LEAN is defined in terms of PUT, MOVE ROTATE, and TOUCH.
- CLOSE is defined in terms of HOLD, PUT, and ON
- OPEN is defined in terms of GRASP and ON
- TOUCHING is defined in terms of TOUCH
- ON is defined in terms of TOUCH
- BEHIND is defined in terms of NEAR

# Ambiguities
- TOUCH here is transitive while TOUCHING is intransitive.
- The first definition for SPIN is transitive while the second is intransitive.
- The first definition for LEAN is the causative while the second is intransitive.
- For CLOSE I gave only the definition that has the opposite meaning of OPEN, because it seems that CLOSE that has a similar meaning to NEAR could be subsumed under NEAR instead.

# Resources
- Wiktionary
- FrameNet
- VerbNet

# Questions
- For some of the verbs, I am choosing not to consider, for example, bananas grasping things since they generally don't do that. Should I?
